# OS.2020 Development Instructions

## Finding content
First, understand that os.2020 is a large codebase and tools like grep and glob searching are very inefficient.
Instead, use #reSearch tools to find content.
Reading individual files is okay to make sure you have an understanding of the latest version of the code as #reSearch will not reflect local changes before they have gone through a pull request.
You can use grep and glob searching, but ONLY in directories that mean one of these requirements:
- The directory is a leaf directory (i.e. it has no subdirectories)
- The directory contains a file named sources
- The directory contains a file named *.vcxproj

Absolutely DO NOT search from the root of the repository, as this will not complete before the user cancels the command.
If the #reSearch mcp tool is not configured or not working, don't try and search other ways, instead inform the user that they should fix this tool.

## OS Branches
reSearch can search many OS branches, but for best results, you should search the branch corresponding to the local branch. To find the corresponding branch, run the following git command: `git --no-pager log --oneline --merges -5`. The output will be something like:

```
3adac4e0b0b6c Git Train: Merge of building/ge_current_directshell_dev5/260216-1630 into official/ge_current_directshell_dev5
37337e5ae87e4 Git Train: Merge of building/ge_current_directshell_dev5/260216-1630 into official/ge_current_directshell_dev5
c9420c30ff6cf Git Train: Merge of building/ge_current_directshell_dev5/260214-1630 into official/ge_current_directshell_dev5
79a532c3a33a3 Git Train: Merge of building/ge_current_directshell_dev5/260214-1630 into official/ge_current_directshell_dev5
4989a17035e84 Git Train: Merge of official/ge_current_directshell into building/ge_current_directshell_dev5/260214-1630
```

In this case, the OS branch is `official/ge_current_directshell_dev5`. You can then use this branch in #reSearch to find content. The reSearch get_codebase_file_matches tool expects the branch name to be in the format `ge_current_directshell_dev5 (official)`. #reSearch also expects a respositoryName, which is always `Os.2020 (Git)`. The searchScope is something of the form `Os.2020 (Git)\\ge_current_directshell_dev5 (official)`.

## Building
Do not try to build anything to validate your changes. Instead, list the directories that have changes in them and suggest the user builds them to validate.

